## Changelog

### 2.3.0

- Ship with default configuration that is accessible through the `--defaults`
  flag

- Automatically identifies the course from the Canvas data file and choose the
  right configuration (if the user supplied any source specific configurations)

- Ability to hide the "Signed" column through the `--no-sign` flag

### 2.2.0

- Windows GUI is now DPI aware

### 2.1.1

- Fixed `GetWindowSubclass could not be found` on Windows. Switched to MinGW.

### 2.1.0

- Append SID to student when there is name clash

### 2.0.0

- The PDF output is now fully standards compliant. This fixes the problem of the
  last iteration of the program where the PDF output could be viewed but could
  not be printed from macOS. In addition, the PDFs generated by the current
  version are now searchable. As a bonus, the PDFs generated are about 10 times
  more compact than that of the previous version because of various
  optimizations. This makes it possible to email 40 rosters to TAs all at once
  for on-sequence labs.

- You can now specify a configuration file at run time instead of relying on a
  file at a default (and hidden) location.

- The program now builds on Windows.

- The configuration file format has not changed. However, the file name (and
  specifically on macOS, the location) has changed. If you wish to reuse the
  configuration from `w22`, you need to rename the file from `rosters.txt` to
  `rosters.toml`. On macOS, you also need to move the file from `~/.config` to
  `~/Library/Application Support`, which is a more standard location for
  application configuration. This location can be accessed from Finder through
  the "Go to Folder" menu item or the key binding ⇧ ⌘ G. You can of course forgo
  this step and place the configuration file anywhere on your system and specify
  its path every time you run the program.

- Full rewrite in Rust
